---
title: Introduction
description: Welcome to A55 documentation.
---

## Overview

The Wallet Manager API is a comprehensive solution for managing digital wallets and performing various financial operations for your customers.

This API allows you to create wallets, process card charges, initiate PIX payments, and generate payment links. With its versatile functionality, Wallet Manager is ideal for businesses looking to streamline their payment processes and offer a seamless experience to their customers.

## API documentation

To start using the Wallet Manager API, you need to contact our support team to request:

- **entity\_uuid:** The entity\_uuid is the internal identifier for the account created for your customer and is necessary for creating wallets within that account.
- **provider\_uuid**: The provider\_uuid is a universally unique identifier (UUID) that refers to the payment service provider that will be used to process a financial transaction. Examples of providers include Cielo, Primefy, Barte, among others. Each payment service provider has specific configurations and types of operations they can perform.
- **CLIENT\_ID:** Unique identifier used to identify a client or an application that is connecting to the Cognito service. This client\_id is assigned when you create an application client in a User Pool in Amazon Cognito. It is used in various operations, such as user authentication and token issuance
- **CLIENT\_SECRET:** Is a confidential piece of data associated with a specific client in a User Pool. It is used to enhance the security of the authentication process. The client\_secret is combined with the client\_id to authenticate the application client to the Cognito User Pool. This secret should be kept secure and never exposed in client-side code

::prose-blockquote
> To obtain the client\_id, client\_secret, entity\_uuid and providers you need to contact our technical support team. Please send an email to :u-button[<tech.services@a55.tech>]{href="mailto:tech.services@a55.tech" size="small" type="link"} with your request. Our team will provide you with the necessary credentials and assist you with any additional setup requirements.
::
