---
title: Provider
---

The `provider_uuid` is a universally unique identifier (**UUID**) that refers to the payment service provider that will be used to process a financial transaction. Examples of providers include Cielo, Primefy, Barte, among others. Each payment service provider has specific configurations and types of operations they can perform.

### Characteristics of `provider_uuid`:

#### Unique Identification:

Each payment provider is uniquely identified by a UUID, ensuring that transactions are correctly directed to the configured provider.

#### Multiple Providers per Account:

An account can have multiple providers configured. This allows the same account to use different payment services as needed.

#### Specific Configurations:

Each provider has its own configurations. These configurations determine how transactions are processed, what information is needed, and how communication with the provider should be handled.

#### Types of Operations:

Providers support different types of operations. Some examples include:

- Credit Card (`credit_card`): Processing payments via credit cards.
- Pix In (`pixin`): Receiving payments via Pix.
- Pix Out (`pixout`): Sending payments via Pix.
- Boleto: Issuing and processing bank slips.
- Others: Other types of financial operations supported by the provider ex: openSubAccount.

### Practical Example

Suppose a company uses the following payment providers:

- Cielo: Configured to process credit card transactions.
- Primefy: Configured for receiving and sending payments via Pix.
- Barte: Configured for issuing and processing bank slips.

Each of these providers will be identified by a distinct `provider_uuid`. When performing a transaction, the system will use the appropriate `provider_uuid` to ensure that the transaction is processed by the correct provider, with the right configurations and type of operation.
